Refine ECE SUSE host configuration page (#6598)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-enterprise/configure-host-rhel.md

# Configure a RHEL host [ece-configure-hosts-rhel-centos]

> Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 and 9, along with Rocky Linux 8 and 9, run {{ece}} (ECE) on Podman rather than Docker. Use these steps to install and configure Podman, and to apply the SELinux, XFS, and kernel tuning that ECE expects on Red Hat-family hosts.

Reviewer: I think I would remove `Red Hat-family hosts` but instead use:
* Either ` these supported hosts`
* Or `RHEL-compatible distributions`

Because `Red Hat-family` is not an official way to say Rocky Linux by RedHat / Oracle.
This avoids using Red Hat as an umbrella adjective for a competitor's product.

WDYT? @marciw @eedugon

Reviewer 2: I'm ok with your suggestion @kunisen , thank, you can directly suggest it if you like and become a contributor of this PR ;) I like `on RHEL-compatible distributions`.

Reviewer 2: done

> Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 and 9, along with Rocky Linux 8 and 9, run {{ece}} (ECE) on Podman rather than Docker. Use these steps to install and configure Podman, and to apply the SELinux, XFS, and kernel tuning that ECE expects on Red Hat-family hosts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 and 9, along with Rocky Linux 8 and 9, run {{ece}} (ECE) on Podman rather than Docker. Use these steps to install and configure Podman, and to apply the SELinux, XFS, and kernel tuning that ECE expects on RHEL-compatible distributions.
```

> Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 and 9, along with Rocky Linux 8 and 9, run {{ece}} on Podman rather than Docker. Use these steps to install Podman with `dnf`; configure the Podman socket so the standard `docker` CLI works against it; and apply the SELinux, XFS, and kernel tuning that ECE expects on Red Hat-family hosts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 and 9, along with Rocky Linux 8 and 9, run {{ece}} (ECE) on Podman rather than Docker. Use these steps to install Podman and configure Podman, and apply the SELinux, XFS, and kernel tuning that ECE expects on Red Hat-family hosts.
```

I'd omit the `dnf` and socket part. A bit too low level for the intro.

Author: agree! Fixed in 248d9f19f981c61708aed199cc97acab3a27d407
